Digitalisation is increasing and
expanding to new applications, –
while wireless capacity for
ransferring data is improving.
Enhancing the reliability
and efficiency of –
telecommunication systems
are top priorities for VTT.
We have a unique and adaptable
network and test environment.
Our strengths lie in network
management, resource optimisation, –
and vertical industry
understanding.
We develop the field through
R&D projects with our customers –
and international
partnerships.
Our test network includes 5G, LTE,
non-terrestrial and IoT networks, –
serving the sectors of
space, cyber security, –
and public authorities.
Advanced applications and services
are developed in our test network, –
for example, for autonomous vehicles,
industrial systems, healthcare, –
smart energy, and
critical infrastructures.
We have skilled experts and
versatile facilities and tools.
Energy efficiency, awareness and
sustainability goals guide our work –
towards smart networks
and services of the future.